FIX Removes all random unique IDs in html repr (#23098)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  left corner of the HTML representation to show how the elements are
  clickable. :pr:`21298` by `Thomas Fan`_.

- |Enhancement| Removes random unique identifiers in the HTML representation.

>   Jupyter notebooks are reproducable as long as the cells are run in the same order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With this change, jupyter notebooks are reproducible as long as the cells are run in the same order.
```
